Now tell me how ya love it
You know you at the top and all of heaven's right above it, we on.. 'cause we on..

Who else really tryin' to fuck with Hollywood Co.?
I'm with Marley G. bro
Flyin' Hollygrove chicks to my Hollywood shows
And I wanna tell you somethin' that you probably should know
This that "Slumdog millionaire" Bollywood flow and uh..
My real friends never hear it from me
Fake friends write the wrong answers on the mirror for me
That's why I pick and choose
I don't get shit confused
I got a small circle
I'm not with different crews
We walk the same path, but got on different shoes
Live in the same buildin', but we got different views
I got a couple cars, I never get to use
Don't like my women single
I like my chicks in twos
And these days all the girls is down to roll
I hit the strip club and all them bitches find a pole
Plus I've been sippin' so this shit is movin' kinda slow
Just tell my girl to tell her friend that it's time to go

Now tell me how you love it
You know you at the top when only heaven's right above it
We on, it's Young Money, motherfucker
If you ain't runnin' with it run from it, motherfucker
Alright, now somebody show some money in this bitch
And I got my bees with me like some honey in this bitch, ya dig
I got my gun in my boo purse
And I don't bust back, because I shoot first..

Meet me on the fresh train
Yes I'm in the buildin'
You just on the list of guest names
And all my riders do not give a fuck: X-Games
Guns turn you boys into pussies: sex change..
And I smoke til' I got chest pains
And you niggas know I rep my gang like Jesse James
Women are possessive, and they wanna possess Wayne
I been flyin' so long I fell asleep on the fucking plane
Skinny pants and some vans
Call me Triple-A, get my advance in advance, Amen
As the world spin and dance in my hands
Life is a beach, I'm just playin' in the sand
Ugh. Wake up and smell a pussy
You niggas can't see me, but never overlook me
I'm on the paper trail, there ain't no tellin' where it took me, yeah
And I ain't a killer, but don't push me

[Verse 3 - Lil' Wayne:]
Ugh. How do he say what's never said?
Beautiful black woman
I bet that bitch look better red
Limpin' off tour 'cause I made more on my second leg
Motherfuckin' Birdman junior, eleventh grade
Ball on automatic start
I can hand it to Drake or do a quarterback draw
Wildcat offense.. Check the paw prints..
We in the buildin', you niggas in apartments
Ugh. N-now c'mon be my blood donor
Flow so nice you ain't even gotta put a rug on her
Do it big and let the small fall under that
Damn where you stumbled at?
From where did they gumbo at?
Kane got the fucking beat jumpin' like a jumpin' jack
And you know me
I get on this bitch and have a heart attack
Hip-Hop I'm the heart of that
Nigga nothin' short of that
President Carter, Young Money Democrat. Ugh.

Yeah... We on... Young moola baby!